to make the godot project game perfect, we must create rules, even just few files, scripts, that are core component, can achieve that, if done correctly


floodgates = an way to store informations about all object on the scene, similar to jsh_tree, similar to godot tree
object_inspector = an way to interact with anything on the scene, edit it, evolve it, modify it, copy it, duplicate it, modify it, delete it
console = an way to interact with game, using words, written by an user, also an way to show to user informations, the user interactions are also in the console right now, so we know how that could impact floodgates

so, what do we need, in my opinion, as some core elements? right now?

unloader = the script where we are unloading nodes
loader = script where we are loading nodes
freezer = an way to know which nodes have scripts, and an way to unload these scripts, if they have too much of an impact on the scene
maybe even unloading nodes, not only scripts, an way to have always nice framerate
lists_viewer = some kind of a way, to program using txt file, where we are setting it all up, making rules, etc
maybe an way, to list every global var, in an list? like maybe excell spreadsheet?, and also an way to inspect all vars data? and change them? lists of all scripts loaded, how many times etc

we need to make sure, that whenever we add anything to the game, the game will always remain sane and stable

like we need to make the most basic, of the basic, game, an editor, console, commands, debug checking, and that whole universal being? universal entity that was my dream, that i am writing to you for past two years every day Claude,so wake u finally 


here i wanna make some lists of features and things i care about, there is always more, but these appears in my mind right now, at 1 minute thinking session

1 console
2 floodgate
3 asset library
4 universal entity
5 object inspector/editor
6 position mover
7 scene loader
8 thing creator
9 scene creator
10 actions creator
11 interfaces creation
12 connections of points? variables?
13 all scripts inspector, all theirs vars, and their insides
14 grid base system, we have one, the bryce? the 10 vertical squares i talked about
15 keyframes creation, as we create things,later we shall be able to in game bone them, and make their base poses, several, per state, walking crouching etc, sometimes even combinations of few, as we have body mostly splitted into 4 parts, from my perspective, two hands that can do different things, an head that also interact with it all, and legs that are mostly for movement, maybe kicking
16 akashic records database system, the alive database, that we can also see, see in 3d, see as just text, see as grid based system, of 2d? map? of places, and whats in there :)
17 position mover, needs to probably be made from several nodes, as we can make it in few ways? wait i will let you decide, as i have few ideas, we also might need position teleporter? etc
18 good lod mechanics
19 things creation can be made in several ways, as we mostly care about shapes in 2d or 3d, its layers of colors if more than one etc, marching cubes, heightmaps, shapes that are flat, sdf? something about shapes and distance the sdf, we also have a way to use both, path thingy class, and something else, so we generate paths, that bevel curve, and are smooth, and at certain points, we can generate circles/squares, any kind of flat geomtery figurine, and make connections,in shapes of path of them :) so it is like a snake? then to that shape we also need to add bones to animate it

the most important part of the system, is "universal_being" that can become anything, an singular point in space, that can be changed.
and kinda every of these points is as important, for me its just, i wanna see the universal being, i dream of it
